Security (#7)
tjav/upskillingquests: Security/Basics/security-basics-3.md

# Security-Basics-3 Microsoft Defender for Cloud

## Description

> Constoso wants to have a better insights to the security posture in the Azure resources. They are interested in Microsoft recommendation and best practices and they want to leverage cloud native Microsoft services for this. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contoso wants to have a better insights to the security posture in the Azure resources. They are interested in Microsoft's recommendation and best practices and they want to leverage cloud native Microsoft services for this. 
```

## Outcome

Enable Microsoft Defender for Cloud (previously: Azure Security Center) and investigate the options and capabilities.

## Review and discussion
What is Microsoft Defender for Cloud? What it is not?
What would be your security pitch on Microsoft Defender for Cloud for a customer IT expert? To a security expert?

If you want to talk through or validate your quest after you completed, contact [Matyas Safranka](mailto:matyas@microsoft.com) via email or Teams.

## References

> It is not mandantory to use these references.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not mandatory to use these references.
```
